Improved W&B migration script (#335)
neptune-ai/examples: utils/migration_tools/from_wandb/README.md

# Migrating from W&B to Neptune

This script allows you to copy run metadata from W&B to Neptune.

## Prerequisites
- A Weights and Biases account, `wandb` library installed, and environment variables set.
- A neptune.ai account, `neptune` python library installed, and environment variables set. Read the [docs](https://docs.neptune.ai/setup/installation/) to learn how to set up your installation.

## Instructions

To use the script, follow these steps:

> 1. Run `wandb_to_neptune.py`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `wandb_to_neptune.py`.
```

> 2. Enter the source W&B entity name. Leave blank to use your default entity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Enter the source W&B entity name. Leave blank to use your default entity.
```

> 3 Enter the destination Neptune workspace name. Leave blank to read from the `NEPTUNE_PROJECT` environment variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Enter your Neptune project name in the form `workspace-name/project-name`. Leave blank to read from the `NEPTUNE_PROJECT` environment variable.
```
It's not just the workspace name, right?

Author: It is. Projects are created automatically

> 3 Enter the destination Neptune workspace name. Leave blank to read from the `NEPTUNE_PROJECT` environment variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Enter the destination Neptune workspace name. Leave blank to read from the `NEPTUNE_PROJECT` environment variable.
```
Plus, the following step is also `3.`

> 1. Enter the destination Neptune workspace name. Leave blank to read from the `NEPTUNE_PROJECT` environment variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enter the destination Neptune workspace name. Leave blank to read from the `NEPTUNE_PROJECT` environment variable.
```

> 3. Enter the number of workers to use to copy the metadata. Leave blank to let `ThreadPoolExecutor` decide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Enter the number of workers to use to copy the metadata. Leave blank to let `ThreadPoolExecutor` decide.
```
